TOML configuration docs: auth (#2877)
esl/MongooseIM: doc/advanced-configuration/auth.md

The value `"sha"` stands for the SHA-1 algorithm.

### `auth.scram_iterations`
* **Syntax:** positive integer
* **Default:** 10000,  as recommended in this [XEP](https://xmpp.org/extensions/xep-0438.html#pbkdf2) and this [NIST Guidelines](https://pages.nist.gov/800-63-3/sp800-63b.html#sec5)
* **Example:** `scram_iterations = 20_000`

Hash function round count.
This is a tradeoff between latency and security.
The higher the value, the more difficult breaking the hashes is: increasing the count increases the work it requires to compute a full derivation, which effectively slows down brute-force attacks.
But it adds load on both client and server, so this parameter should be tuned as high as the business-rules allow.
Note that increasing the security of a password has a higher impact over the security of the algorithm, without impacting its load.
See more information in this [NIST guide, Appendix A.2.2](https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/detail/sp/800-132/final)

## Example

The minimal authentication setup with password verification uses the internal Mnesia database:

```toml
[auth]
  methods = ["internal"]
```

> The supported SASL mechanisms `PLAIN`, `SCRAM-*` and `DIGEST-MD5` will be enabled by default.

Reviewer: What exactly does it mean that `SCRAM-*` will be enabled by default? All of them?

Author: All of them, I reworded this fragment and linked to capabilities. Maybe it's cleaner now where this list comes from.

The `auth` section is used to choose and configure the **methods** which are used by MongooseIM to authenticate connecting users.
The following methods are supported:

* `internal` - stores the user accounts in an internal Mnesia database,

> * [`rdbms`](../authentication-methods/rdbms.md) - stores the user accounts in a SQL database,

Author: I put it in `src`...

### `auth.password.format`
* **Syntax:** string, one of: `"plain"`, `"scram"`
* **Default:** `"scram"`
* **Example:** `password.format = "plain"`

Decide whether user passwords will be kept plain or hashed in the database.
Currently, popular XMPP clients support the SCRAM method and it is strongly recommended to use the hashed version.
The older XMPP clients can still use the `PLAIN` mechanism.

**Note:** The `DIGEST-MD5` mechanism is not available with the`scram` password format.

### `auth.password.hash`
* **Syntax:** list of strings, allowed values: `"sha"`, `"sha224"`, `"sha256"`, `"sha384"`, `"sha512"`
* **Default:** not set - all hash functions supported
* **Example:** `password.hash = ["sha384", "sha512"]`

MongooseIM supports SHA-1, SHA-224, SHA-256, SHA-384 and SHA-512 for SCRAM hashing.
You can use this option to limit the supported hash functions by listing them explicitely.
The value `"sha"` stands for the SHA-1 algorithm.

### `auth.scram_iterations`
* **Syntax:** positive integer
* **Default:** 10000,  as recommended in this [XEP](https://xmpp.org/extensions/xep-0438.html#pbkdf2) and this [NIST Guidelines](https://pages.nist.gov/800-63-3/sp800-63b.html#sec5)

> * **Example:** `scram_iterations = 20_000`

Author: This is parsed by the TOML parser, it is not parsed by Erlang directly.

Hash function round count.
This is a tradeoff between latency and security.

> The higher the value, the more difficult breaking the hashes is: it is a work factor: increasing the count increases the work it requires to compute a full hash, which effectively slows down brute-force attacks.

Reviewer 2: Did I really write two colons like this in the past? 🤯 
```suggestion
The higher the value, the more difficult breaking the hashes is: increasing the count increases the work it requires to compute a full derivation, which effectively slows down brute-force attacks.
```
